FAQ

1
Why would I use a Facebook ad agency rather than do it myself?
Targeting potential customers with Facebook Ads can be tricky. Facebook’s Ads Manager is a complex tool with many settings, target audience options, advertising strategies, technical capabilities, and integrations, depending on your business goals. Although Facebook is a very powerful tool, it can also become very costly when not done correctly. Learning the different capabilities can take a while to learn and significant advertising costs, particularly if you want attractive ads designed. When you hire a Facebook advertising agency you hire a team of expert marketers who already use best practices to realize the power of Facebook fast! When you hire a digital marketing agency with the right team, you benefit from the experiences of all their customers. Let us find your key demographic, increase your ROAS, and target those Facebook users we know want to buy what you are selling.

2
What to expect from a great Facebook ad company
A great Facebook Ads Agency should have an intimate knowledge of the social media platform and have deep expertise in social media marketing, in general. Ideally, the agency is also a Facebook Business Partner, which is painstakingly vetted for their skill and expertise. They keep up to date with cutting-edge advertising practices on a daily basis and understand the best way to develop effective advertising campaigns with ad copy and ad strategies you could only dream of. Lastly, a great Facebooks Ads Agency will even challenge you on your marketing strategy to make sure that Facebook and Instagram are the next BEST channel for your advertising goals and business.

3
What’s the typical contract length?
We mentioned how we’re flexible and tailor our solutions to your needs, right? Same with contracts. In general, the greater your ambition, the more we have to commit (people, resources, time, etc.) so we’ll ask for a longer engagement on your part. That’s how big goals are met. We want to hit all of your goals, from lower CPAs, to higher ROAS, and everything in between, and sometimes that takes time when developing cutting-edge marketing campaigns.

4
Who owns the data and creative?
Your account, your stuff. We won’t hold onto your data like a jealous ex who needs an excuse to see you again. Plus we have a team of amazing graphic designers who will make ads that are more creative than you’ve ever seen before — and it’s all yours to use how you’d like.

5
Do you restrict access to my accounts?
Nope. You can see everything we can see because we give you administrative access to anything we manage. Your Facebook page, Instagram page, and business manager will always remain yours.

6
Is your fee based on how much I spend each month?
Every client has different needs and goals, so we base our fees on their individual situation. Sometimes a percentage of ad spend makes the most sense. Other times, a flat fee works better.

7
How much should I be spending on advertising to work with you?
We partner with a wide range of clients from as little as $5,000 per month up to and beyond $1,000,000.

8
Do you specialize in Facebook Ads for a certain industry?
We mostly like to stick with what we know, which is everything. Honestly, our published case studies cover pretty much every niche you can think of. Check out the more than 200 examples of results we’ve gotten for clients.

9
Should I create a new account for you to use?
No need to invent extra work. We’ll use your current account unless you want us to do something different.

10
Will I know how my ads are doing?
We’ll keep you as up-to-date as you want to be. We want you to feel confident and comfortable knowing that we’re handling your accounts. But we also don’t mind you looking over our shoulder occasionally.

11
Are there extra fees for anything?
Isn’t it a little weird that some agencies charge extra just to talk to you? We care more about results than clocking hours, so we don’t charge hidden fees for meetings or phone calls.


#####################

Benefits Of Advertising On Facebook

Facebook Ads campaigns deliver results very fast.
Facebook Ads allow you to reach a wider range of audiences that you hardly target with organic posts.
With the Facebook Pay-Per-Click advertising model, you get the option to exclude audiences you don't
want to show your ads.
Facebook Ads allow you to remarket to people who already interacted with your brand.

#####################

Why Is Facebook Advertisements Vital?
"More than 2 billion people use Facebook every month", which means the sky's the limit.
Facebook is available almost everywhere across the globe. Hence going global is far more-easier now. You can connect with the audience of any country without worrying about any geographic boundaries.
The distinguishing feature of Facebook Ads campaigns allows you to reach the right audience.
"1 of every 5 minutes that people in the US spend on mobile is on Facebook or Instagram." It is a fact which can't be ignored, at least not by the business owners.
Facebook Ads campaigns can be managed almost in every budget.
Here we also offer a proper reporting tool, which shows the results and the impact of campaigns
on your business all the time.
You can track the performance of the campaign with ease in just a few clicks.
As per research, almost all the social media marketers believe Facebook to be the best-paid
option available in the market.
Offers competitive advantage to all types of businesses, be it small or big.